	Meals
The traditional Polish cookery is different in variety and satiety of dishes. If you taste traditional Polish cookery, you can see something similar to Ukrainian, Russian, Belarus or Germany cookery.
	The usual meals in Poland are breakfast, lunch, dinner and supper. In general, the order of eating in Poland is no different from Ukraine or neighboring countries. As Poles say here: "Please go to the table, Panowie!", in Polish it’s sounds like “Prosze do stolu, Panowie!”. Each meal begins with soup. One of the most unusual is Chernina. The composition of this soup includes goose blood, offal, dried fruits, vegetables and spices. The most popular soup is zhurek - cream soup with the addition of smoked products, roots, spices and eggs. Bigos is considered a traditional second course. There are a lot of options for its preparation, however, staple cabbage, mushrooms, smoked products, spices and wine are still considered basic. The Polish traditional cookery is also famous for fish dishes. The most popular is carp in Polish. The feature of this dish is that the head is served separately. Also the dishes from cod, trout and salmon are not a rarity. Among them we can distinguish fish meatballs with cornichon, as well as hunting ears. The most popular Polish garnish are kopytki - vareniki, which in shape remember hoofs and, of course, frytki - French fries. For lovers of sweet, Polish cookery will not disappoint with their desserts. Having visited one of the many cafes in this country, it is necessary to order a mazurek - a sand pie with fruit or favorki - thin cakes. As for the traditional drinks of Poland are considered fruit jelly and kvass. If you prefer something stronger, then various tinctures are popular here and for sure Poles do not disdain brandy, beer and vodka.
	Last year I had a birthday party in Poland. It’s was a hot, sunny day of May. There were a lot of people from Poland, France, Spain, Belarus and Ukraine. Firstly I met my friends from Ukraine, Belarus and some people from France and Spain, a few moments later it was a big party, like usual. We celebrated on the open air near our dormitory.  We were making a shashlik, it’s a fried meet, in Poland like in Ukraine, it’s a traditional meal on the open air. It was almost near the beach, so we played volleyball and football. This is a birthday I will remember for a long time, because it was very funny and unusual.
